README.md, before:

# JsonFlit

TODO: Delete this and the text below, and describe your gem

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/json_flit`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

I need a very flexible way to build layout on a page. I am learning Flutter, and came across [json_dynamic_widget](https://pub.dev/packages/json_dynamic_widget). Between this and [flit_view_components](https://github.com/afstanton/flit_view_components), this is my attempt to recreate that system for Rails.

The .json files in the associated demo app are from [json_dynamic_widget](https://github.com/peiffer-innovations/json_dynamic_widget/tree/main/example/assets/pages), used under the MIT License.

## Installation

Install the gem and add to the application's Gemfile by executing:

    $ bundle add json_flit

If bundler is not being used to manage dependencies, install the gem by executing:

    $ gem install json_flit

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/afstanton/json_flit.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add assets from json_dynamic_widget

README.md, after:

# JsonFlit

TODO: Delete this and the text below, and describe your gem

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/json_flit`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

I need a very flexible way to build layout on a page. I am learning Flutter, and came across [json_dynamic_widget](https://pub.dev/packages/json_dynamic_widget). Between this and [flit_view_components](https://github.com/afstanton/flit_view_components), this is my attempt to recreate that system for Rails.

Almost all files in the associated demo app assets directory are from [json_dynamic_widget](https://github.com/peiffer-innovations/json_dynamic_widget/tree/main/example/assets/pages), used under the MIT License. They are used here to establish feature parity.

## Installation

Install the gem and add to the application's Gemfile by executing:

    $ bundle add json_flit

If bundler is not being used to manage dependencies, install the gem by executing:

    $ gem install json_flit

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and the created tag, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/afstanton/json_flit.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
